5.0 - IAM role permissions, addition to existing documentation. (#3254)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added further instructions abuout the permissions for the IAM role
>   in Public Cloud Guide

Author: ```suggestion
- Enhanced instructions about the permissions for the IAM role
  in Public Cloud Guide
```
